# 1

There is a company that has a very creative way of managing its accounts. Every time they want to write down a number, they shuffle its digits in the following way: they alternatively write one digit from the front of the number and one digit from the back, then the second digit from the front and the second from the back, and so on until the length of the shuffled number is the same as that of the original.

In your solution, focus on **correctness**. The performance of your solution will not be the focus of the assessment.

# 2

An array A consisting of N integers is given. A <i>slice</i> of that array is a pair of integers (P, Q) such that 0 ≤ P ≤ Q &lt; N. A slice (P, Q) of array A is called <i>non</i>-<i>negative</i> if all the elements A[P], A[P+1], ..., A[Q−1], A[Q] are non-negative. The <i>sum</i> of a slice (P, Q) of array A is the value A[P] + A[P+1] + ... + A[Q−1] + A[Q].

Write an **efficient** algorithm for the following assumptions:

# 3

John likes to travel. He has visited a lot of cities over many years. Whenever he visits a city, he takes a few photos and saves them on his computer. Each photo has a name with an extension ("jpg", "png" or "jpeg") and there is a record of the name of the city where the photo was taken and the time and date the photo; for example: "photo.jpg, Warsaw, 2013-09-05 14:08:15"

Note that, in some rare cases, photos from different locations may share the time and date, due to timezone differences.

John notices that his way of filing photos on his computer has become a mess. He wants to reorganize the photos. First he decides to group the photos by city, then, within each such group, sort the photos by the time they were taken and finally assign consecutive natural numbers to the photos, starting from 1. Afterwards he intends to rename all the photos. The new name of each photo should begin with the name of the city followed by the number already assigned to that photo. The number of every photo in each group should have the same length (equal to the length of the largest number in this group); thus, John needs to add some leading zeros to the numbers. The new name of the photo should end with the extension, which should remain the same.

Your task is to help John by finding the new name of each photo.